To Do List



Example:

http://rpubs.com/rdpeng/13396



Checklist.
---------

Title.    resumen de 1 linea.
Synopsis. menos de 10 oraciones.
Data Processing.
Results.
+ 1 a 3 gráficos.
empezar con el bz2.
which types of events are most harmful to population health?
which types of events have the greatest economic consequences?
reproducible

figure(s) have descriptive captions
description and justification for any data transformations


Graficos
--------

+ Titulos
+ Etiquetas de Ejes
Unidades.


Afinar
------

EVTYPE:
Poner eventos en mayusculas
Quitar s final
COSTALSTORM a COASTAL STORM
Hurrican Eduard
ICE ON ROAD, ICE ROADS, ICY ROADS
WINTER WEATHER/MIX, WINTER WEATHER MIX

DAMAGES:
A valores 2011





Questions
---------

Your data analysis must address the following questions:

Across the United States, which types of events (as indicated in the EVTYPE variable) are most harmful with respect to population health?

Across the United States, which types of events have the greatest economic consequences?



Document Layout
---------------


Title: Your document should have a title that briefly summarizes your data analysis

Synopsis: Immediately after the title, there should be a synopsis which describes and summarizes your analysis in at most 10 complete sentences.

There should be a section titled Data Processing which describes (in words and code) how the data were loaded into R and processed for analysis. In particular, your analysis must start from the raw CSV file containing the data. You cannot do any preprocessing outside the document. If preprocessing is time-consuming you may consider using the cache = TRUE option for certain code chunks.

There should be a section titled Results in which your results are presented.

You may have other sections in your analysis, but Data Processing and Results are required.

The analysis document must have at least one figure containing a plot.

Your analyis must have no more than three figures. Figures may have multiple plots in them (i.e. panel plots), but there cannot be more than three figures total.

You must show all your code for the work in your analysis document. This may make the document a bit verbose, but that is okay. In general, you should ensure that echo = TRUE for every code chunk (this is the default setting in knitr).

